# AD Index

## Overview

[ ] Active Directory Implementation Overview.
[ ] Kerberos and NTLM Authentication Procedure.
[ ] Domain ACL and Sensitive Groups Overview.
[ ] Understanding Domain Trusts and Boundaries.
[x] Designing Active Directory Pentesting Lab for Pentesting.

## Enumeration

[ ] Domain Users Enumeration.
[ ] Domain Computer Enumeration.
[ ] Domain Groups Enumerations.
[ ] GPO and OU Enumerations.
[ ] Domain ACL Enumerations.
[x] Automating Domain Enumeration with Bloodhound.

## Exploitation

### Initial Access and Windows API

[ ] Enumerating the Organization for Initial Access Overview.
[ ] Common Public-Facing Services Insecurities.
[ ] OSINT Primer for AD Pentesting.
[x] Password Spraying Attacks.
[x] Pass the Hash Attacks.
[ ] RDP Access with Pass The Hash.
[ ] Accessing LAPS.
[ ] Misconfigured Sysvol Policies.
[ ] Brute Forcing Hashes.
[ ] Windows API Overview.
[ ] Process, Threads, DLLs, Virtual Memory.
[ ] Creating Malicious Payloads with Windows API.
[ ] Understanding the Detection Engineering and Endpoint Detections.
[ ] Static and Dynamic Analysis to Bypass AV Engines.
[ ] Offensive VBA for Pentesters.
[ ] Developing Malicious Documents for Initial Access.
[ ] Stomping the Malicious Documents.
[ ] Crafting Malware with JScript.

### Kerberos and ACL

[ ] Understanding Delegations.
[ ] Attacking Unconstraint Delegations.
[ ] Attacking Constraint Delegations.
[ ] Attacking Service Principal Names.
[ ] Attacking Service Accounts.
[x] Targeted Kerberosting Attacks.
[ ] Kerberos Double Hope Issues.
[ ] Distributed COM Model Issues.
[x] Pass the Ticket and Overpass the Hash Attacks.
[ ] Domain Certificate Service Attacks.
[x] NTLM Relay Attacks.
[ ] Attacking via Sensitive Groups to Become Domain Administrator.
[ ] Exploiting ACLs in AD.

### PowerShell and In-Memory Executions

[ ] Understanding the Basics of PowerShell cmdlets.
[x] File Transfer with PowerShell.
[x] Understanding WMI and Powershell Remoting.
[ ] PowerShell Reverse Shell and Payloads.
[ ] Payload Execution on the Fly, Avoid Writing Into Disk.
[ ] Fileless Attacks Process and Lifecycle.
[ ] Reflective DLL Loader with PowerShell.
[ ] Obfuscation with PowerShell.
[ ] Disabling Defences and Adding Exclusions with PowerShell.
[ ] Bypassing Restricted Admin Mode.
[ ] Understanding the AMSI Service.
[ ] Bypassing AMSI Protections.
[ ] Understating In-Memory Executions.
[ ] Executing Executable Assemblies in Memory.

### Application Whitelisting and AppLocker Policies

[ ] Understanding the Application Whitelisting.
[ ] Bypassing the Powershell Execution Restrictions.
[ ] Restricting Executions with Applocker Policies.
[ ] Default Policies and Custom Policies.
[ ] Bypassing the AppLocker Policies with Common Whitelisted Locations.
[ ] Bypassing CLM with the Living Off the Lands Techniques.

## Privilege Escalation

[ ] Automated Enumeration of Vulnerabilities.
[ ] Windows Privilege Escalation Attacks.
[ ] Services Exploitation.
[ ] Credential Theft.
[ ] Bypassing LSASS Protections.
[ ] UAC Bypassing.
[ ] Token Impersonation.

## Post-Exploitation

[ ] MITRE AT & CT Framework for Pentesters.
[ ] Understanding the C & C for Active Directory Pentesting.
[ ] Comparison Matrix of C2 Servers.
[ ] Setting up Cobalt Strike and Sliver-c2 framework.
[ ] Designing C2 Profiles to Avoid Detections.

## Persistence

[ ] Understanding Domain Persistence.
[x] Dcsync Attack.
[ ] DSRM and DCshadow Attacks.
[ ] ADCS Attacks.
[ ] Silver Ticket Attack.
[ ] Golden Ticket Attack.
[ ] Zerologon Attack.

## Remediations

[ ] Defensive Primer for System Administrators and Security Engineers.
[ ] The Principle of (Endpoint) Least Privilege Implementation.
[ ] Principal of Just Enough Administration.
[ ] Principal of Documenting and Monitoring the Data.
