# AD Overview

## Active Directory Implementation Overview

TODO

## Kerberos and NTLM Authentication Procedure

TODO

## Domain ACL and Sensitive Groups Overview

TODO

## Understanding Domain Trusts and Boundaries

TODO

## Designing Active Directory Pentesting Lab for Pentesting

- Create 3 virtual machines:
  - 1 Windows Server (Domain Controller).
  - 2 Windows 10 (Workstations).
- Change PC names in Configuration > System > Rename PC.
- Configure `DC`:
  - Server Administrator > Administrate > Add Roles and Features.
  - Feature or role-based installation > Select a server from the server group > Active Directory Domain Services > Add features > Next > Next > Next > Install.
  - Promote this server to domain controller > Add a new forest > Domain name > Password > Next > Next > Next > Next > Next > Install.
- Disable `Defender` in all the machines:
  - In the `DC`: Powershell > `Uninstall-WindowsFeature -Name Windows-Defender`.
  - In the `Workstations`: Windows Security > Virus and Threat Protection > Disable all.
- Disable `Firewall` in the `Workstations`:
  - Windows Defender Firewall > Enable or disable Windows Defender Firewall > Disable all.
- Change `DNS` configuration of the Workstations so that they can resolve the domain names:
  - Network Connections > Ethernet0 Status > Properties > TCP IPv4 > Use the following `DNS` server addresses (IP address of the `DC`).
- Create AD users in `DC`:
  - Server Administrator > Tools > Active Directory Users and Computers > Open Domain > Users > Add user > Fill in user and password > Uncheck `User must change password at next login` > Check `Password never expires`.
- Connect `Workstation` to `DC`:
  - Get access to work or school > Connect > Join this device to a local Active Directory domain > Domain name > User and password (From users created on the DC).
- Make a user an administrator of a computer in the AD (If we enumerate it with `CME`, having correct credentials, the computer will be `Pwn3d!`):
  - Computer Management > Local Users and Groups > Groups > Administrators > Add > Type User > OK.
